Mr. Vuong is not well.
Whist.
Something big happened to Mr. Vuong.
I just heard the girl say.
Someone reported you
Say you kill people heart go steal sleep alone sleep
They have evidence of self-feeding.
Peng Yuhua said once there is evidence of the magpie's nest
sure dead
Probably Tran Pham.
The idea of ​​not being able to get him to hand over the evidence.
Tran Pham, I want to see you.
We have facial paralysis.
If my family wants to come, you come.
come to my house
I am very busy today.
I want to be responsible for you.
Anyway, last night was her IV.
This story was not mentioned again.
No problem, I'll hang up.
Wait.
Hey, you go first.
Can you give me a reference point?
What came first?